
PitchHut
Hi Lourens,

I hope this message finds you well! I'm Seymur from PitchHut. We came across your project Neurop Forge and would love to invite you to showcase it on our platform. To make the process seamless, we have created a temporary preview page for you. You can access it using the link below. Rest assured, we do not publicly share this page anywhere.

Here is what we have highlighted about Neurop Forge:

Preview page link: https://pitchhut.com/project/neurop-forge-ai-execution-layer

Tagline: Transforming AI into controlled and auditable operators.

Pitch: Neurop Forge serves as an AI Execution Control Layer that allows AI agents to perform tasks using over 2,700 verified operations while ensuring they cannot modify or create code. With robust policy enforcement and a tamper-proof audit chain, organizations can leverage AI safely and sustainably in regulated environments.

We would love to have Neurop Forge in our growing collection of exceptional projects, and I believe we could help amplify its visibility and reach.

Your project, your control

You have full control over your project's presence on PitchHut. If you prefer not to have Neurop Forge on PitchHut, simply reply 'Delete' to this email and we'll remove the preview page immediately. If we do not hear from you within 30 days, we will permanently delete the preview page. The preview page features only publicly available information about Neurop Forge. We respect your preferences and want to ensure you're comfortable with how your project is shared with our community.

What's next?

If you're interested in giving it a try, you can create an account to:

use our token system to increase your project's visibility

customize how your project is presented

get insights on who's viewing your project

If you sign up with this email address, you'll automatically get access to manage your project. Using a different email? Just reply to this email, and we'll help you claim ownership.

How it works

PitchHut is a gamified project discovery platform where makers showcase their work and connect with potential users and contributors. PitchHut uses a simple token system - you earn contribution tokens by viewing projects from other users, then use those tokens to boost your own project's visibility. It's a fair way to help projects find their early users and contributors.

We'd love for you to check out the platform, take control of your project, and start growing your user base with us. Looking forward to having you on board!

Best regards,

Seymur

© 2026 Nano Leaps Ltd.

71-75 Shelton Street, London, WC2H 9JQ, United Kingdom

To stop receiving emails from us, simply reply with "Delete" and we'll remove your project and never email you again.

